[Music]
how
are you doing i hope you're having a
lovely week so far
today i just thought i would film a day
in the life kind of video
we are just heading out for breakfast
for the first time we've mainly been
like having
dinner like going out to dinner and then
just like making breakfast
and it is quite busy like surprisingly
it's like book in advance most places
grab some breakfast before heading to
the gym and i will show you like my
workout and stuff
before we jump straight into it if you
could hit this video with a like i'd
really appreciate it
you just ordered breakfast i went for
the
eggs benedict it comes on like a pancake
which i've never heard before but i
asked for it on toast
i ordered the benedict as well and i
ordered
some scrambled eggs and toast and we're
just watching
some videos i think if you've seen that
of penelope back home
she was trying to eat a hedgehog
apparently last night
look at her she's fully going for it
it's a cool little thing
let me show you because it's so nicely
like she's definitely
my favorite spot actually this is such a
nice relaxing
gorgeous sea
[Music]
an espresso here and this banana
smoothie
that oh my god it tastes so so good i
wish it was bigger though like that's
the only thing
that is when it's gone so
i've gone for the two poached eggs and
fondant sauce a bit of salad it's such a
tiny portion like that is the smallest
pancake ever but
looks delicious glad mason's got
some extra scrambled egg on the side i'm
gonna can i have some of that as well
[Music]
my
literally disinfecting everything before
and after
if you hear me too well i need to get a
mic but
just finished
few weeks so yeah i really enjoyed
everybody i just love how like quick it
is
as well as the chocolate aisle having
[Music]
so i'm gonna pick up this because we've
got the new tassimo we ordered a lot of
amazon the little
coffee machine
[Music]
this food shop we mainly just got some
meat but i thought these would be really
nice these little hamburgers with
spinach they're gluten free as well i
absolutely love like the different
selection
in the supermarkets and uh got these
little
squid we had some squid last night which
was so nice so i can't wait to try
these ones just got a massive array of
meat and yet all my usuals i just picked
up some like more
frozen blueberries and then the
chocolate i ended up getting my normal
orange intense i absolutely love this
one
but yeah just my like usual bits and
stuff oh i've just got a shower and
stuff i'm gonna make one of these the
first time
wow that actually looks so good make it
into like an iced coffee
so i've got my eye
[Music]
yeah i've been having like all my coffee
it's always black
and of course your girl brought a little
straw with it
you've got to protect those teeth you
should drink a lot of coffee like me
okay so i've just washed my hair for the
first time in
three or four days i honestly just don't
know what to do
at the moment like i've got naturally
curly
super frizzy hair that i'm not the
biggest fan of
because i just can't seem to tame it so
today i've tried something new like the
other day i spent
probably an hour trying to do like my
normal curly blow dry and then
stepped outside you go just like look
like some kind of like crazy poodle
i think the humidity just makes it go
super curly so i was just like i've just
wasted
that time trying to blow dry my hair and
tame it but it doesn't help that
i am i accidentally put my john frieda
like
avocado spray that i really really like
put it in hand luggage coming out here
so that got taken off me at the airport
so i don't have any like spray for it to
sort of keep it
on the low so anyway i've just blow
dried it straight
and then i've curled it with the
straighteners anyone with naturally
curly hair will probably feel my pain on
this like it sounds crazy doesn't it
you've got to blow dry it to straighten
it to curl it
to get like just like a cash you know
just like bit of volume
curl kind of thing anyway so that's why
i'm in pins right now and i'm just going
to take this out in a second
i've been really making an effort this
current like this year especially like
in quarantine
to try and learn to do my hair because
it's actually ridiculous it's one of the
things i've always
struggled with right now i'm just hoping
this will kind of work but we will see
this is what i've just put on i've got
my bikini on underneath this
um i got this from pretty little thing
just like the comfiest
little set and they had a few different
colors but it's just perfect for
right now when i'm just pottering about
around the house and catching up on
some work okay right let's try this
coffee
oh my god that's so nice that is so much
stronger than um
the french press i don't know what you
call it i've been calling it a cafeteria
but someone commented on my last video
it's called a french press yeah i'm
really quite liking that i actually
brought that in my suitcase
and how much i love coffee but then i
ordered um
the tassie tassimo coffee machine from
amazon and it came
yesterday i'm so impressed with the
amazon in spain as well like amazon
prime is doing beards so yeah this is
really really nice it's my little work
set up so i've just been i need to sit
here and do some editing in a second
and plan some content and stuff like
that something quite funny happened this
morning
which i need to sort out the pool guy
like my dad was like oh we need to pay
his bill or something i was like oh i'll
pay for it dad thinking it'd be
like 30 euros blooming 450.
so i messed up there oh my god
i just brought my towel out i got this
from lounge swim last year it's so nice
it's got cute little tassels on
i've got my hat i never put my face out
in direct sunlight
got this book which i'm almost worth
saying i'm always finished i'm not but
i'm a good way in
and my god would i recommend this it is
so so good
and it's just like about mindset and
stuff but really really good i'm going
to put that
to practice because i'm currently a
chimp and then i've got my
bottle of water so i'm most probably
looking at sherlock holmes right now
this hat actually doesn't
fit on my head but it doesn't hurt my
[Music]
hair
sorry about half
[Music]
is
compared to like being on the ground at
home which i guess that's just expected
because it's a lot warmer
but i find going in an evening it's not
quite as hot
and doesn't feel like i'm just frazzling
away
so that was much more leisurely than
last night's walk wasn't it
we tried to walk on like this sort of
cliff
edge thinking we're like mounting up
something
and there was like a walkway and there
was even like a rope
when you first got to like the initial
path of it so we had like high hopes
that we're going to walk
all the way around but um i think they
had some storms here not so long ago so
it just completely wiped out
this track so it was literally it was
like one slit wasn't it and you were
gonna
so here's the stables look at these two
cuties having a little kiss
so i have just finished up eating
demolishing the leftover barbecue stuff
that mason made earlier
so nice i absolutely love like chicken
kebabs on a bbq
they just hit differently don't we like
chernobyl cooked
chicken and i've just made myself like a
blueberry yogurt bowl you've probably
see
these on my instagram i have them most
nights we decided not to go out or
anything
because we've been out the past few
hours and had a few late nights
i'm just going to put on some netflix i
watched a really good film the other
night i was going to tell you what it is
but i can't remember for the
life of me i'll put it in the comments
if i can remember what it was called but
it was really good
but yeah i hope you enjoyed this video i
just thought it would just be like a
chilled
very realistic day in the life i'm so
happy i managed to catch up with
some of my emails like i just haven't
been on top of
recently so i've got through a bunch of
that um
some really exciting things hopefully in
the works and all of that
if you haven't already i would
absolutely love it if you would like to
stick around by subscribing and joining
the fan
and i'll see you guys
[Music]
you